# Meeting Notes

## Date: April 14, 2021

### Attendees:

* Amanual Dawit (Taking Notes this Week)
* Mark Baula
* Nicholas Paquin 
* Marc Crowley
* Nouha Chatti
* Mitchell Shahen
* Sriram Subramanian
* Chris Beeler

### General

* Everyone who isnt leaving after this term, make sure you are able to access all branches/repos 
* Make sure we are good to go and ready for launch

### Chris Beeler

* Met with Mitchell, Nicholas and Mark to review issues with pour function and spectra
* A couple issues to fix, otherwise everything is good to go

### Mitchell Shahen

* Busy with finals
* Met with Nicholas, Chris and Mark
* Everything is good to go

### Nouha Chatti

* Had a meeting with Isaac we discussed the outline for the paper 
* Otherwise, everything is good to go

### Mark Baula

* Fixed full plot bug where all the values didn't appear
* Added wait functionality to distillation
* Helped implement new spectra to graphs
* Will look through documentation, otherwise everything is good to go

### Nicholas Paquin

* Changed protocol for fully_mix (doesnâ€™t exist anymore)
* Changed up spectra and fixed clipping issues
* Updated documentation
* Made a new video
* Everything is good to go 

### Amanuel Dawit

* Added to website footer
* Edited text on home page
* Added to About us page (needs pictures to add to website)
* Edited errors in documentation, added images
* edited readme file, with help from mark and mitchell
* Fixed aspect ratio of images on benches page
* Will add analytics to website and documentation
* Everything is good to go