## March 10th Meeting:

### Note Taker: Nicholas Paquin

### Amanuel:

- made webpage responsive
- tweaked repo names
- travis CI has been fixed and is now working
- going to put stuff on webpage
- meet with mitchell and chris re. content and interview
- figure out build passing token on readme
- encrypt travis key
- finalize logos and make website pretty

### Nicholas:

- record demo
- check to see if it's worth switching our ODE solver
- make our library compatible with scipy or scikit learn
- focus on lab manager

### Nouha:

- working on tuning hyper parameters in cart pole

### Sriram:

- We need to implement release documentation so we can easily track changes
- Use releases